so after the bombshell FBI notes
revealed these telling comments as
agents prepared to go to a White House
to interrogate National Security Advisor
General Michael Flynn telling him that
he didn't need a lawyer not to worry
about that they had written on a bill
priests app who was a head of
counterintelligence at the FBI wrote
this on a piece of paper what is our
goal truth
admission or to get him to lie so we can
prosecute him and get him fired
question mark lawyers and former agents
are coming to the defense of the bureau
including the lawyer for the Ukraine
whistleblower saying this quote the FBI
notes reveal consideration of routine
law enforcement interview tactics and by
no means undercut general Flynn's prior
admissions of lying to the FBI a felony
and accepting full responsibility for
his actions to which Kim stressful at
the Wall Street Journal fired back as
four liberal commentators legal scholars
saying that all of this is routine will
let sure as how hope not the FBI exists
to investigate crimes not create them
that from Kim's trestle at the journal
here now trey gowdy fox news contributor
and former chairman of the House
Oversight Committee Trey welcome good to
have you here yes ma'am thank you what
do you think was was the notes were the
notes and was the investigation of
General Michael Flynn at the White House
routine for the FBI and for the agents
who carried it out I hope not Martha and
if it is routine then why didn't they
apply the same standard to Hillary
Clinton that they did it to Michael
Flynn if you go back so so Flynn's under
investigation in the summer of 2016 a
counterintelligence investigation the
FBI found nothing they didn't find an
insufficient amount of evidence they
found no evidence and they're about to
close this investigation and then he has
the conversation with kiss Lea
so Comey decides to send Bureau agents
to the to the White House why I mean
that's the fundamental question were you
investigating a crime the Logan Act
which there's never been a prosecution
under that act or were you conducting a
counterintelligence investigation if
it's a criminal interview then why did
you treat him so differently from the
way you did Hillary Clinton remember
that she had a medium-sized law firm in
the room with her
they gave the questions to her lawyers
before they interviewed her and they
most assuredly told her there's a
consequence for lying
none of which they did for Michael Flynn
so I spoke with katie mcfarland last
night who was his deputy general Flynn's
deputy and she says you know that it
really beyond Flynn they were hoping
that if they pressed him hard enough and
put him in a tough enough position and
held some of his earlier comments
against what he said there that that he
would flip on president Trump that he
would give up some goods on the
president do you agree well I do for
this reason there's also a notation in
these documents released this week to
use that defense of briefing as a
pretense as a ruse so everyone that's
offered a defensive briefing by the FBI
keep that in mind they may be
interviewing you remember Comey did the
same thing with Trump he gave this
defensive briefing on the dossier but he
was really interviewing him they still
thought Donald Trump was colluding with
Russia when they went to interview with
Michael Flint so I have every
expectation they wanted to flip Flynn on
the president the problem was no one
what the campaign was colluding with
Russia
it wasn't Flint awaiting Trump it wasn't
Papadopoulos they were wrong about all
four of their crossfire hurricane
targets so how come when we heard from
Robert Muller and the investigation two
years and millions and millions of
dollars was finished and we got the
report where were these notes that we're
seeing now they were not turned over
they have to be turned over if you're
going to trial there's there's a little
bit of a debate about it but I think
most people will tell you Brady does not
implicate guilty pleas so when Michael
Flint said I'm going to plead they
didn't have to turn over the nose but
Martha this is not the Department of
let's see if we can get away with it and
it's not the Department of let's see who
we can get fired it is the Department of
Justice Sally Yates who is hardly a
republican was infuriated when she found
out what Comey had done so that's the
Department of Justice we don't care if
you
rrd we don't care whether we like your
and we don't we're going to treat you
the same molars folks did not turn over
these documents because they didn't
think they had to yeah with regard to
the germ investigation because all of
this happens with that as a backdrop now
and the reason that we're seeing these
documents and that they were released is
because of a subsequent investigation or
review of the Michael Flint situation
that was you know spurred on by the
Attorney General Bill Bar and the
Missouri attorney so what does this tell
us about what is coming because we're
also told that that bar and Durham are
in pretty regular discussion about the
Durham investigation yeah I think the
Attorney General and and US Attorney
Durham are both very interested in how
this whole sordid affair began so the
four targets let's just go with Flynn
all right you're gonna put a general
under counterintelligence investigation
by the world's premier law enforcement
agency why what is the factual predicate
where you think you have the power to
put him under counterintelligence
investigation for being an agent of
Russia
what was it I mean did he read a check
off novel did he watch Doctor Zhivago
why did you put Michael Flynn under
counterintelligence investigation I
think that's what Durham and Barr
getting out is none of these
investigations were sufficiently
factually predicated and if that's true
then you're gonna see a clamping down on
the power that we've given the FBI and
it's about damn time
hmm Judy go see prosecution's no ma'am
no but I was talking to a federal
prosecutor on the way over here but we
have got to to not only associate
accountability with prosecutions I I
don't think I think being a terrible FBI
agent and treating people unfairly maybe
it ought to be a crime but I don't think
it is a crime what the takeaway is the
next time the FBI says hey we'd like to
talk tell them no say when you clean up
your eye when you quit trying to get
people fired and see what you can get
away with
we'll start treating you like a
dispassionate law-enforcement agency but
until then no thanks we're done talking
with you
trey gowdy always good to see you sir
thanks for coming yes ma'am you too